this pants have turned into a monster it
is very hot-tempered and aggressive
a girl wearing these pants went to the
toilet when she got to the toilet
she discovered that the pants were too
tight she couldn't take off her pants
it's getting worse and worse every
second the girl did try everything she
could
still she couldn't pull it out the pants
squeezed her so hard
the girl struggled but finally she was
squeezed to death by the pants
these pants will be sold starting from
tomorrow it can hug the body and change
size according to the wearer
it is made from premium indian cotton
the company director fantasizes about
tomorrow's success
the pants are wiping off the bloodstains
in the toilet at this time
a girl comes to find her friend she
called but no one answered
only discovered the pants a square on
the logo of the pants turns red
the girl was like being drugged she took
off her pants and put on the other pants
after struggling for a while she finally
put it on but now she couldn't control
her legs
the girl jumped and then crashed into
the clothes rack the logo on the pants
has two boxes that turned red
libby came looking for the girl just now
she looked around but could not find
anything
she saw only a pinch of blonde hair on
the ground she opened the locker and
discovered the body of a girl
the girl immediately went to find the
director the director was also stunned
when he saw that
but he would not alert the police
because tomorrow is the day of the press
conference
he will not let anything affect his
business craig ordered libby to keep it
private
he wrapped the girl in a black bag and
hit her in a corner libby felt a little
nervous
she looked at everyone and thought they
were all murderers at this time
the guy wearing glasses opened the box
containing the pants within a glance
he immediately chose the pants he took
his pants to the warehouse
he stared intently at the two red boxes
when he was about to put on his pants
he was bitten by it after a while the
three squares on the pants were already
red
this girl is live streaming the pants in
the back suddenly raised its legs
wrapping around her neck the filming
team did not understand what was going
on
the pants strangled the girl to death
the pants stood up
rushed to the group of people at this
time the director discovered that the
guy wearing glasses was dead
libby was very panicked she decided to
report to the police
the director agreed okay let's go
together let's find someone to
investigate
but right when she turned around he beat
libby with a prosthetic leg
caused her to faint the director must
let the press conference go smoothly
as soon as he opened the door he was
dumbfounded the pants are cleaning the
scene
he did not dare to make any sound and
walked out slowly luckily the pants did
not detect him
he went back to his office his
competitor lisa was also there
when she was about to go out he shouted
to stop her because the pants was right
outside
she thought that this loser has feelings
for her so she mocked him badly
her words made him mad after looking at
the camera he let her go
he looked at the camera and heard a
tragic sound the [ __ ] was dead
the fat labourer is cleaning up the
pants suddenly fluttered when they heard
the girl playing indian music
when the phone rang it stopped time it
looked at the mannequin ahead
libby has awoken she picked up the
camera to look it turned out that the
pants
do
[Music]
that mannequin begins to bang on the
door of the camera room but then
it continued to dance when they turned
on the music she tried to speak indian
to communicate with it
the mannequin understood her it writes
an introductory paragraph on the wall
it turned out that the pants were an
indian girl while working her towels
were swept into the cotton making
machine
her body was also swept inside fresh
blood dyed the cotton barrel red
but the cotton is still washed and made
into pants the girl's soul entered these
pants
the two felt that this company could do
everything for money they went out to
meet the mannequins
they want to help fulfilling its
aspiration the mannequin bowed in thanks
at this point the director holds a fire
extinguisher to spray through it
the pants flew back to the warehouse
there are a lot more pants there
the director is crazy he doesn't allow
anything to affect the company
if the customer knows about the cotton
problem the company will suffer a heavy
loss
the hallway lights went out the director
returns to the camera room
the two girls took the camera and
followed the pants they decided to use
this video to expose the company
arriving in the warehouse they found a
lot of pants biting things
when they were about to leave the
director locked them up he reclaimed the
camera in their hands
they refused he opened the door and
rushed in he used the radio to find the
position of the janitor
then stabbed her with a piece of iron
but he found that the memory card inside
had disappeared
libby was captured by him he strangled
her a moment later she fainted
in front of him appeared a lot of pants
the pants went up together
one rushed in and kicked him then the
other pants also rushed up
the director died libby went to the
gallery she wanted to advise the pants
to stop
but right now they didn't want to listen
to anyone finally it was eight o'clock
the company door is open a lot of people
come to buy pants
libby tried to block the door but was
pushed by the crowd 175 pairs of pants
began to take revenge
the movie ends here